there's a place I go in my head
sometimes you don't have to think about
anything when you're in the seventh
grade and you look like Godzilla you're
gonna get the looks and you're gonna get
the whispers how do you feel the seventh
grade twice in a row okay god no thank
you notice we have new neighbors and I
heard is her son's been in some kind of
special Hospital that's how it started
hey what's the matter never seen a robot
before hey check out the March of Dimes
think of it as a partnership need a
brain and the Wizard of Oz doesn't live
in South Cincinnati Kevin lives in this
world of books and ideas but I can tell
you Kevin would read it all for a chance
to be normal max Caine has given him
that chance
my father was a magician he heard the
words birth defect and he disappeared so
I don't even know who my father is
I just know that's not who I am and
that's not who you are either now these
two Knights are on a crusade
to bring chivalry back in style
therefore means to rescue dragons to
slay set the wrong things right and
prove that courage comes in all sizes
Sunny Boy
Oh
does it bear brother bear hat for
dessert there's chocolate pudding if
Berlin agrees to do the dishes the
Knights don't do dishes Oh